Fix broken links in getting_started.md, offerings.md and activity_stream_implementation.md (#5)
vendasta/marketplace-documentation: docs/GettingStarted/getting_started.md

**4) Communication**

> Communication with end users will flow through the Vendasta [Activity Stream](/vendor/activity-stream-overview), a component of the Business App Inbox. The Activity Stream sends emails automatically to all subscribed users. Vendors may use Vendasta provided templates, or may provide their own templates to automatically be wrapped in each Channel Partner's branding. _Vendors may not send any emails to end users directly. To support platform unity, and Channel Partner branding or whitelabelling, all end user communication must come through the Vendasta Platform._

Reviewer: In order for links to work when previewing branches the path can not start with a `/` as that would replace the whole path. Same for the below link as well.

```suggestion
Communication with end users will flow through the Vendasta [Activity Stream](../Guides/activity_stream_overview.md), a component of the Business App Inbox. The Activity Stream sends emails automatically to all subscribed users. Vendors may use Vendasta provided templates, or may provide their own templates to automatically be wrapped in each Channel Partner's branding. _Vendors may not send any emails to end users directly. To support platform unity, and Channel Partner branding or whitelabelling, all end user communication must come through the Vendasta Platform._

```

> Communication with end users will flow through the Vendasta [Activity Stream](https://developers.vendasta.com/vendor/ZG9jOjIxNzMyNTMx-activity-stream-overview), a component of the Business App Inbox. The Activity Stream sends emails automatically to all subscribed users. Vendors may use Vendasta provided templates, or may provide their own templates to automatically be wrapped in each Channel Partner's branding. _Vendors may not send any emails to end users directly. To support platform unity, and Channel Partner branding or whitelabelling, all end user communication must come through the Vendasta Platform._

Reviewer: You should be able to make this a relative link.
